---
layout: prophile
title: Crimson Death
author: Anonymous
---


  	(\_/)
  	(o.o)                 CRIMSON  
  	(>💀<)                       DEATH 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Handle: Crimson Death
    Call him: Robb
    Past handles: The Sorcerer (before he was a phreak, a pirate handle)
    Handle origin: AD&D Monster Manual II
    Date of Birth: February 17,
    Age at current date: 55 years old
    Height: Unknown
    Weight: Unknown
    Eye color: Brown outlined with green
    Hair Color: Dark brown
    Computer in 1986: Apple //e with 10 meg hard drive
    Sysop/Co-Sysop of: Hell Phrozen Over, Missing Link, Skull Kingdom

Crimson Death, also known as Robb, was a key figure in the phreaking and 
hacking world of the mid-1980s. He ran "Hell Phrozen Over," a private 
phreak/hack BBS based in Philadelphia. His journey into the BBS scene started 
in 1984 when he launched "Spirit World," a public board on an Apple //e with 
two floppy drives, running GBBS software at 300 baud

Robb got his Apple computer in January 1984. A turning point came when 
The Videosmith logged onto his board, leading to a lasting friendship. 
By February 1985, he had started phreaking. When he upgraded with a 10-megabyte
Sider hard drive, he turned "Hell Phrozen Over" into a private BBS. His 
phreaking mentor was The Videosmith, and he regularly called well-known boards 
like the Army BBS, Shadowland, The Missing Link, and The Labyrinth.  

Robb went to public school and was a grade ahead of his peers. Only a few 
classmates knew about his phreaking. He was skilled in programming, and his BBS
ran smoothly because of it. He met his girlfriend, The Silver Fox, on Datanet, 
and many considered her very attractive.  

Though he wasn’t hacking at the time, Robb planned to learn when he had more 
free time. He was part of "Phreak Klass 2600," which Red Devil took down, 
leading to a search for a replacement, "Phreak Klass II." He met several major 
figures in the scene, including The Videosmith, Mark Tabas, TUC, Telenet Bob, 
The Sprinter, and Dr. Who, who left a strong impression on him.  

Crimson Death also contributed to *Phrack Magazine*, writing several articles. 
One of his most notable pieces was "RSTS," which explored the RSTS/E operating 
system. His knowledge and willingness to share information showed his deep 
commitment to the community.  

Through his BBS, technical skills, and connections in the phreaking world, 
Crimson Death became a well-respected figure in the digital underground of the 
1980s.